docs(srv): add concurrency docs and update deploy page MTA-4361 (#2977)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/containers/concepts.mdx

## Concurrency

> Concurrency defines the number of simultaneous requests a single instance of your container can handle at the same time. Once the number of incoming requests exceeds this value, your container scales up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Concurrency defines the number of simultaneous requests a single instance of your container can handle at the same time. Once the number of incoming requests exceeds this value, your container scales regarding your parameters.
```

> Concurrency defines the number of simultaneous requests a single instance of your container can handle at the same time. Once the number of incoming requests exceeds this value, your container scales up. up

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Concurrency defines the number of simultaneous requests a single instance of your container can handle at the same time. Once the number of incoming requests exceeds this value, your container scales up.
```
